the package says you know 8 10 8 12
inches apart you know but I usually do
about because s honey
and if you need more use pick you know I
want to start growing you can pick them
all anyways you know so uh anyways not
for doing it because I figure one you
know then one of them might get a little
more water and it might die or you might
get a couple cranes so come on to your
pond and then the crows fall those birds
they're not crazy code parents
keep around here come other names which
aren't so nice but uh there's a bird but
then you got to figure your crows are
going to come down here too
they're gonna eat this up they at least
one of them and then you guys figure one
at least where every other one you guys
figure you might get a little more rain
one time and that one might die when the
seats might die so you guys figure that
so I usually put two we used to put
three but then we used to get clumps of
two pumps it feel of two of them growing
right next to each other so I just put
two now so I know at least one was going
to grow so I get a nice straight row
beautiful back in the old days they put
tar on top stop the crows well nowadays
I've gotten smarter I put my umbrellas
on top of the rain bring it down to the
seat off obviously but then also so that
they'll get so the birds come down and
get mouthful that I'm fertilizing like
ah tastes nasty so they'll kind of all
the dig in any further because they know
everything down there's gonna be crap
this won't taste good obviously it does
it taste good though but they're not
gonna do all that work to get through
that anyways cuz they burn more calories
than anything do it so at least we'll
make them earn their earn their food and
then also from that window there's
always always bird shot to get rid of
all right